(DOCS-4650) Update CONTRIBUTING with Vale info (#18263)
DataDog/documentation: CONTRIBUTING.md

This document is a guide to writing and editing documentation for the [Datadog Documentation site][7] (Docs site). Treat this as a guide rather than a rulebook. You should strive to follow what's prescribed, but there are exceptions to most rules.

> Some of these guidelines are enforced by [our implementation of the Vale linter][4]. After you make a PR, check its **Files changed** tab to see and fix warnings and errors flagged by the linter.

Author: ```suggestion
Some of these guidelines are enforced by [the Datadog docs implementation of the Vale linter][4]. After you make a PR, check its **Files changed** tab to see and fix warnings and errors flagged by the linter.
```
